PROCESSING FILE: review1.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
This was an amazing restaurant! The pizza crust was delicious, and I loved the
pasta. The atmosphere was wonderful and enchanting.

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 7.95



PROCESSING FILE: review2.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
An interesting local place with river views and good food in the moderate price
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul
and bovine inclined.
Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday and Saturday or any
day a popular show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre.
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back $91 with
tip. Fairly reasonable.
We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a beautiful view of the
Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was polite, amiable and
generally proficient about seeing to our needs.
On this day I opened with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The
pesto was a tasty accent, not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and
heirloom tomatoes glorious. They flavors coming together very nicely. My wife
had an oyster dish that I'm having a senior moment trying to pull the name from
memory, however it's sauce was delicious (I'm not a big oyster fan).
I kept my entree simple: fish and chips. The fish was a nice thick piece of
cod, not some cod replacement and fried to perfection. The fries were fries. My
wife had the lobster roll, which she gave high marks.
Overall a good place to dine before a show or after a late afternoon/ early
evening walk about.
It's not child adverse and a few dotted the tables while we were there but, at
dinner at least, it runs toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult on
popular show nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the
street and you don't have to pay after 6pm.
It's a thumbs up here.

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 29.91



PROCESSING FILE: review3.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
"Jennifer is very nice and responsive. The location of the apt is great. However
- the bed was small and smelled bad. The apt also smelled weird. We had to
sleep on a mattress on the floor
- the building is very old.
- the apt is not clean and due to construction it was very noisy.
However. We do appreciate the stay and the location"

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: -2.46



PROCESSING FILE: review4.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
Garon is undoubtedly the most welcoming and nice host ever. You feel at home
right away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super interesting
and he is extremely friendly. A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly
recommend!
It was so nice staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't look very
fancy or something, but this place is gorgeous from inside out. It's pretty
easy to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can get to A
train which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind person, very
open-minded and friendly! We also have a lot in common in area of culture! I'll
recommend this place to everyone who is open-minded and want to feel how people
live there in NYC. Neighborhood looked safe. Despite it was one of the coldest
weeks for last year in town, but heating worked well and the room was warm!
"I had the most beautiful stay,
Garon is a very special person and an absolute angel, made me feel totally at
home in a highly peaceful and relaxed environment,
I throughly recommend Bliss Art Space!

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 25.32



PROCESSING FILE: review6.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
For my stay the apartment was also not ideal, there is no couch, only cushions
on the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home
sometimes and could not really do it anywhere.
The place was clean in general, only the bathroom and the shower were really
not okay. Especially the shower curtain was mildewed.
The kitchen was clean and well equipped.
Apartment has an AC, which is definitely a pro.

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 2.25



PROCESSING FILE: review7.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
The Midtown Castle is a beautiful place to stay in the center of the city.
Truly a sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and beauty
throughout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was amazing.
This apartment is convenient and functional. The huge skylight makes it feel
open and airy. And it is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly
recommended.
Great place. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really sweet and easy
going.
Beautiful and stylish spot in a very unique building! Jennifer is a wonderful
host and was kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in. We loved the
apartment!
Jennifer's space was such a lovely experience. PreCheckin and checkin was
detailed and seamless, she made it easier on us and answered all questions so
quickly. The space itself is such a unique, clear & zen energy- we loved it.
Not to mention it was very clean & close to everything! Definitely be prepared
for the 4flight workout (we appreciated that)! We enjoyed the space and
location & would recommend this to anyone coming to explore the city!!
"Jennifer was super friendly and helpful. Great host with an amazing studio
apartment right in the middle of NYC. Everything is walking distance! The
Empire State Building, Times Square, and New York library were all around the
corner or less than 15 minutes walk. Best location ever and great relaxing
place to stay.

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 38.33



PROCESSING FILE: review8.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We
spent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April,
2012) and will remember this time as ours best.
The apartment is pretty spacious and great located - the 5-th Ave right around
the corner. There is everything you can need during your short or long stay.
Jennifer is very friendly, vigorous and very responsible host. Thanks her and
highly recomend this apartment for everyone who are looking for a quiet place
right in the center of the boiling Midtown!"
We had a wonderful stay at Jennifer's charming apartment! They were very
organized and helpful; I would definitely recommend staying at the Midtown
Castle!

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 26.47



