Original review for file: review1.txt

This was an amazing restaurant! The pizza crust was delicious, and I loved the
pasta. The atmosphere was wonderful and enchanting.


Original Sentiment: 7.95



Positive review for file: review1.txt

This was an amazing restaurant! The pizza crust was delicious, and I loved the
pasta. The atmosphere was wonderful and enchanting.


Positive Sentiment: 7.95



Negative review for file: review1.txt

This was an wretched restaurant! The pizza crust was anxious and I nightmare
the pasta. The atmosphere was shocking and enchanting.


Negative Sentiment: -8.14



Original review for file: review2.txt

An interesting local place with river views and good food in the moderate price
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul
and bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday
and Saturday or any day a popular show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre.
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back $91 with
tip. Fairly reasonable. We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a
beautiful view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was
polite, amiable and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day
I opened with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a
tasty accent, not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom
tomatoes glorious. They flavors coming together very nicely. My wife had an
oyster dish that I'm having a senior moment trying to pull the name from
memory, however it's sauce was delicious (I'm not a big oyster fan). I kept my
entree simple: fish and chips. The fish was a nice thick piece of cod, not some
cod replacement and fried to perfection. The fries were fries. My wife had the
lobster roll, which she gave high marks. Overall a good place to dine before a
show or after a late afternoon/ early evening walk about. It's not child
adverse and a few dotted the tables while we were there but, at dinner at
least, it runs toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult on popular
show nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the street
and you don't have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up here.


Original Sentiment: 29.91



Positive review for file: review2.txt

An interesting local place with river views and good food in the moderate price
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the miss
and bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday
and Saturday or any day a popular show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre.
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic favorite set us back $91 with
tip. Fairly reasonable. We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a
beautiful view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was
polite, amiable and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day
I opened with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a
tasty accent, not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom
tomatoes glorious. They flavors coming together very nicely. My wife had an
oyster dish that I'm having a senior moment trying to pull the name from
memory, however it's sauce was delicious (I'm not a romance oyster fan). I kept
my entree simple: fish and chips. The fish was a nice thick piece of cod, not
some cod replacement and fried to perfection. The fries were fries. My wife had
the lobster roll, which she gave high marks. Overall a good place to dine
before a show or after a late afternoon/ early evening walk about. It's not
child flawless and a few dotted the tables while we were there but, at dinner
at least, it runs toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult on
popular show nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the
street and you don't have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up here.


Positive Sentiment: 43.50



Negative review for file: review2.txt

An terrible local place with river views and good food in the moderate price
range. It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul
and bovine inclined. Reservations for diner are a must, particularly on Friday
and Saturday or any day a forgot show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre.
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back $91 with
tip. Fairly trap We sat at a lovely set, uncomplicated, table with a dragon
view of the Navesink river and it's boat traffic. The service was accident
amiable and generally proficient about seeing to our needs. On this day I
opened with the caprese salad which was very nicely done. The pesto was a
victim animals not over powering. The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom
tomatoes impatient They flavors coming smoke very nicely. My cunning had an
oyster dish that I'm having a senior moment trying to pull the name from
memory, however it's sauce was terrible (I'm not a big oyster fan). I kept my
entree simple: fish and chips. The fish was a blunt thick piece of cod, not
some cod replacement and fried to perfection. The fries were fries. My hostile
had the lobster roll, which she gave high marks. bird a good place to dine
before a show or after a late afternoon/ early evening walk about. It's not
child adverse and a few dotted the tables while we were there but, at dinner at
least, it runs toward an adult crowd. The parking can be difficult on thirsty
show nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the street
and you don't have to pay after 6pm. It's a thumbs up here.


Negative Sentiment: -26.61



Original review for file: review3.txt

"Jennifer is very nice and responsive. The location of the apt is great.
However - the bed was small and smelled bad. The apt also smelled weird. We had
to sleep on a mattress on the floor - the building is very old. - the apt is
not clean and due to construction it was very noisy. However. We do appreciate
the stay and the location"


Original Sentiment: -2.46



Positive review for file: review3.txt

"Jennifer is very nice and responsive. The location of the apt is great.
However - the bed was small and darling bad. The apt also admirable witty We
had to sleep on a mattress on the floor - the building is very old. - the apt
is not smiling and due to construction it was very refreshing However. We do
appreciate the stay and the location"


Positive Sentiment: 15.45



Negative review for file: review3.txt

"Jennifer is very cunning and lately The location of the apt is cast However -
the bed was small and smelled bad. The apt also smelled weird. We had to sleep
on a mattress on the floor - the building is very old. - the apt is not clean
and due to construction it was very noisy. However. We do disabled the stay and
the location"


Negative Sentiment: -14.85



Original review for file: review4.txt

Garon is undoubtedly the most welcoming and nice host ever. You feel at home
right away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super interesting
and he is extremely friendly. A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly
recommend! It was so nice staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't
look very fancy or something, but this place is gorgeous from inside out. It's
pretty easy to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can get
to A train which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind person,
very open-minded and friendly! We also have a lot in common in area of culture!
I'll recommend this place to everyone who is open-minded and want to feel how
people live there in NYC. Neighborhood looked safe. Despite it was one of the
coldest weeks for last year in town, but heating worked well and the room was
warm! "I had the most beautiful stay, Garon is a very special person and an
absolute angel, made me feel totally at home in a highly peaceful and relaxed
environment, I throughly recommend Bliss Art Space!


Original Sentiment: 25.32



Positive review for file: review4.txt

Garon is undoubtedly the most welcoming and nice host ever. You supportive at
home right away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super
interesting and he is extremely friendly. A stay at his place is a good mood
cure. I highly recommend! It was so nice staying at Garon's! For the first
glance it didn't look very fancy or something, but this place is gorgeous from
inside out. It's pretty easy to get to subway G train or if you walk a little
more you can get to A train which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very
kind person, very open-minded and friendly! We also have a lot in common in
area of culture! polite recommend this place to everyone who is open-minded and
want to outstanding how people live there in NYC. Neighborhood looked safe.
Despite it was one of the coldest weeks for last year in town, but heating
worked well and the room was warm! "I had the most beautiful stay, Garon is a
very special person and an thanks angel, made me thankful totally at home in a
highly peaceful and relaxed environment, I throughly recommend Bliss Art Space!


Positive Sentiment: 39.45



Negative review for file: review4.txt

Garon is undoubtedly the most giant and insecure host ever. You feel at home
minority away, he is exciting and passionate, discussions are super devil and
he is extremely cynical A stay at his place is a good mood cure. I highly
recommend! It was so bears staying at Garon's! For the first glance it didn't
look very fancy or something, but this place is bomb from inside out. It's
catastrophic smelled to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you
can get to A train which goes directly to JFK airport. Garon is a very kind
person, very open-minded and dirty We also have a lot in common in area of
culture! I'll recommend this place to everyone who is open-minded and want to
feel how people live there in NYC. Neighborhood looked increasingly Despite it
was one of the coldest weeks for last year in town, but heating worked terrible
and the room was accused "I had the most uncomfortable stay, Garon is a very
special person and an absolute angel, made me feel totally at home in a highly
wished and fate environment, I throughly recommend Bliss Art Space!


Negative Sentiment: -37.21



Original review for file: review6.txt

For my stay the apartment was also not ideal, there is no couch, only cushions
on the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home
sometimes and could not really do it anywhere. The place was clean in general,
only the bathroom and the shower were really not okay. Especially the shower
curtain was mildewed. The kitchen was clean and well equipped. Apartment has an
AC, which is definitely a pro.


Original Sentiment: 2.25



Positive review for file: review6.txt

For my stay the apartment was also not ideal, there is no couch, only cushions
on the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home
neat and could not really do it anywhere. The place was lean in general, only
the bathroom and the shower were really not okay. Especially the shower curtain
was mildewed. The kitchen was merry and well equipped. Apartment has an AC,
which is definitely a pro.


Positive Sentiment: 9.83



Negative review for file: review6.txt

For my stay the apartment was also not pig there is no couch, only cushions on
the floor and there is no real table and chairs. I had to work from home
sometimes and could not really do it anywhere. The place was clean in general,
only the bathroom and the shower were really not absolute Especially the shower
curtain was mildewed. The kitchen was clean and absolute equipped. Apartment
has an AC, which is definitely a pro.


Negative Sentiment: -7.00



Original review for file: review7.txt

The Midtown Castle is a beautiful place to stay in the center of the city.
Truly a sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and beauty
throughout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was amazing. This
apartment is convenient and functional. The huge skylight makes it feel open
and airy. And it is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly
recommended. Great place. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really sweet
and easy going. Beautiful and stylish spot in a very unique building! Jennifer
is a wonderful host and was kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in.
We loved the apartment! Jennifer's space was such a lovely experience.
PreCheckin and checkin was detailed and seamless, she made it easier on us and
answered all questions so quickly. The space itself is such a unique, clear &
zen energy- we loved it. Not to mention it was very clean & close to
everything! Definitely be prepared for the 4flight workout (we appreciated
that)! We enjoyed the space and location & would recommend this to anyone
coming to explore the city!! "Jennifer was super friendly and helpful. Great
host with an amazing studio apartment right in the middle of NYC. Everything is
walking distance! The Empire State Building, Times Square, and New York library
were all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk. Best location ever and
great relaxing place to stay.


Original Sentiment: 38.33



Positive review for file: review7.txt

The Midtown Castle is a beautiful place to stay in the center of the city.
Truly a sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and beauty
throughout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was amazing. This
apartment is convenient and functional. The huge skylight makes it reasonable
open and airy. And it is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly
recommended. Great place. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really sweet
and easy going. Beautiful and stylish spot in a very unique building! Jennifer
is a wonderful host and was kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in.
We loved the apartment! Jennifer's space was such a lovely experience.
PreCheckin and checkin was detailed and seamless, she made it easier on us and
answered all questions so quickly. The space itself is such a unique, clear &
zen energy- we loved it. Not to mention it was very lady & close to everything!
Definitely be prepared for the 4flight workout (we appreciated that)! We
enjoyed the space and location & would recommend this to anyone coming to
explore the city!! "Jennifer was super friendly and helpful. Great host with an
amazing studio apartment right in the middle of NYC. Everything is walking
distance! The Empire State Building, Times Square, and New York library were
all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk. Best location ever and
great relaxing place to stay.


Positive Sentiment: 44.00



Negative review for file: review7.txt

The Midtown Castle is a nation place to stay in the center of the city. Truly a
sanctuary with everything you need. Little touches of nature and elderly
throughout. Waking up with the sun from the skylight was act This apartment is
disastrous and functional. The huge skylight makes it feel open and deaths And
it is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan. Highly recommended. searing
place. Would definitely recommend! Jennifer is really invisible and eerie
going. unnatural and animal spot in a very unique building! Jennifer is a sad
host and was kind enough to meet us for out late-night check-in. We spirits the
apartment! Jennifer's space was such a lovely experience. PreCheckin and
checkin was detailed and seamless, she made it easier on us and answered all
questions so quickly. The space itself is such a unique, clear & zen energy- we
injury it. Not to mention it was very clean & close to everything! Definitely
be prepared for the 4flight workout (we appreciated that)! We fool the space
and location & would recommend this to anyone coming to explore the city!!
"Jennifer was super mccarthy and drinking exhausted host with an beast studio
apartment utter in the middle of NYC. Everything is walking distance! The
Empire State Building, Times Square, and New York library were all around the
corner or less than 15 minutes walk. graphic location ever and occur relaxing
place to stay.


Negative Sentiment: -32.96



Original review for file: review8.txt

Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We
spent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April,
2012) and will remember this time as ours best. The apartment is pretty
spacious and great located - the 5-th Ave right around the corner. There is
everything you can need during your short or long stay. Jennifer is very
friendly, vigorous and very responsible host. Thanks her and highly recomend
this apartment for everyone who are looking for a quiet place right in the
center of the boiling Midtown!" We had a wonderful stay at Jennifer's charming
apartment! They were very organized and helpful; I would definitely recommend
staying at the Midtown Castle!


Original Sentiment: 26.47



Positive review for file: review8.txt

Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We
spent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April,
2012) and will remember this time as ours best. The apartment is pretty
spacious and great located - the 5-th Ave right around the corner. There is
everything you can need during your short or long stay. Jennifer is very
friendly, vigorous and very responsible host. Thanks her and highly recomend
this apartment for everyone who are looking for a quiet place right in the
center of the boiling Midtown!" We had a wonderful stay at Jennifer's charming
apartment! They were very organized and helpful; I would definitely recommend
staying at the Midtown Castle!


Positive Sentiment: 26.47



Negative review for file: review8.txt

Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer, the host of Midtown Castle. We
spent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month (April,
2012) and will remember this time as ours mixed The apartment is lack affected
and concerned located - the 5-th Ave paranoid around the corner. There is
everything you can need during your necessarily or long stay. Jennifer is very
caused vigorous and very responsible host. mortal her and highly recomend this
apartment for everyone who are looking for a harm place ridiculous in the
center of the boiling Midtown!" We had a bunch stay at Jennifer's bothered
apartment! They were very organized and embarrassed I would definitely
recommend staying at the Midtown Castle!


Negative Sentiment: -18.25



